In file included from src/pokemon.c:2302:
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26366: duplicate initializer for `gSpeciesInfo[1144]'
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26846: `ABILITY_FULLMETAL' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26846: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1168].abilities[0]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26846: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1168].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26849: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1168]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26849: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1168]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26859: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1169].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26866: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1169].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26867: `ABILITY_FULLMETAL' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26867: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1169].abilities[0]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26867: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1169].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26870: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1169]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26870: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1169]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26870: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1169]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26880: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1170].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26887: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1170].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26888: `ABILITY_FULLMETAL' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26888: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1170].abilities[0]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26888: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1170].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26891: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1170]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26891: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1170]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26891: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1170]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26901: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1171].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26908: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1171].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26909: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1171].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26912: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1171]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26912: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1171]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26912: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1171]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26922: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1172].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26929: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1172].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26930: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1172].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26933: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1172]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26933: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1172]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26933: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1172]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26943: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1173].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26950: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1173].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26951: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1173].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26954: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1173]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26954: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1173]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26954: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1173]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26964: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1174].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26971: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1174].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26972: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1174].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26975: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1174]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26975: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1174]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26975: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1174]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26985: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1175].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26992: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1175].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26993: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1175].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26996: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1175]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26996: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1175]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:26996: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1175]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27006: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1176].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27013: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1176].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27014: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1176].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27017: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1176]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27017: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1176]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27017: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1176]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27027: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1177].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27034: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1177].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27035: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1177].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27038: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1177]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27038: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1177]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27038: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1177]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27048: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1178].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27055: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1178].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27056: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1178].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27059: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1178]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27059: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1178]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27059: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1178]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27069: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1179].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27076: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1179].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27077: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1179].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27080: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1179]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27080: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1179]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27080: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1179]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27090: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1180].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27097: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1180].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27098: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1180].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27101: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1180]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27101: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1180]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27101: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1180]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27111: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1181].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27118: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1181].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27119: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1181].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27122: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1181]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27122: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1181]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27122: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1181]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27132: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1182].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27139: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1182].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27140: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1182].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27143: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1182]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27143: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1182]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27143: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1182]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27153: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1183].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27160: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1183].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27161: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1183].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27164: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1183]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27164: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1183]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27164: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1183]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27174: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1184].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27181: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1184].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27182: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1184].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27185: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1184]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27185: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1184]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27185: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1184]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27195: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1185].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27202: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1185].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27203: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1185].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27206: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1185]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27206: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1185]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27206: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1185]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27216: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1186].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27223: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1186].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27224: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1186].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27227: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1186]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27227: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1186]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27227: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1186]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27237: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1187].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27244: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1187].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27245: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1187].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27248: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1187]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27248: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1187]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27248: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1187]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27258: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1188].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27265: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1188].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27266: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1188].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27269: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1188]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27269: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1188]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27269: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1188]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27279: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1189].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27286: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1189].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27287: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1189].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27290: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1189]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27290: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1189]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27290: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1189]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27300: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1190].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27307: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1190].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27308: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1190].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27311: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1190]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27311: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1190]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27311: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1190]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27321: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1191].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27328: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1191].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27329: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1191].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27332: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1191]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27332: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1191]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27332: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1191]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27342: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1192].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27349: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1192].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27350: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1192].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27353: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1192]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27353: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1192]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27353: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1192]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27363: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1193].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27370: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1193].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27371: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1193].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27374: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1193]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27374: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1193]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27374: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1193]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27384: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1194].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27391: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1194].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27392: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1194].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27395: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1194]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27395: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1194]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27395: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1194]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27405: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1195].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27412: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1195].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27413: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1195].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27416: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1195]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27416: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1195]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27416: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1195]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27426: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1196].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27433: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1196].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27434: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1196].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27437: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1196]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27437: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1196]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27437: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1196]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27447: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1197].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27454: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1197].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27455: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1197].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27458: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1197]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27458: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1197]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27458: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1197]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27468: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1198].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27475: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1198].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27476: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1198].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27479: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1198]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27479: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1198]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27479: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1198]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27489: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1199].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27496: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1199].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27497: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1199].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27500: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1199]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27500: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1199]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27500: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1199]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27510: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1200].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27517: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1200].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27518: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1200].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27521: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1200]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27521: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1200]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27521: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1200]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27531: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1201].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27538: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1201].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27539: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1201].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27542: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1201]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27542: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1201]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27542: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1201]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27552: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1202].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27559: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1202].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27560: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1202].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27563: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1202]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27563: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1202]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27563: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1202]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27573: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1203].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27580: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1203].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27581: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1203].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27584: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1203]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27584: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1203]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27584: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1203]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27594: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1204].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27601: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1204].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27602: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1204].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27605: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1204]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27605: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1204]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27605: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1204]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27615: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1205].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27622: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1205].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27623: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1205].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27626: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1205]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27626: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1205]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27626: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1205]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27636: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1206].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27643: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1206].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27644: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1206].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27647: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1206]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27647: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1206]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27647: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1206]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27657: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1207].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27664: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1207].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27665: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1207].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27668: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1207]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27668: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1207]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27668: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1207]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27678: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1208].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27685: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1208].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27686: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1208].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27689: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1208]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27689: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1208]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27689: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1208]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27699: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1209].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27706: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1209].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27707: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1209].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27710: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1209]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27710: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1209]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27710: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1209]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27720: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1210].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27727: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1210].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27728: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1210].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27731: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1210]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27731: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1210]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27731: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1210]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27741: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1211].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27748: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1211].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27749: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1211].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27752: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1211]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27752: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1211]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27752: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1211]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27762: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1212].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27769: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1212].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27770: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1212].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27773: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1212]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27773: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1212]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27773: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1212]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27783: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1213].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27790: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1213].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27791: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1213].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27794: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1213]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27794: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1213]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27794: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1213]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27796: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1119].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27796: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1119].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27796: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1119].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27796: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1119]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27796: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1119]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27796: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1119]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27797: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1560].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27797: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1560].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27797: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1560].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27797: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1560]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27797: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1560]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27797: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1560]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27808: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1214].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27817: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1214].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27818: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1214].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27822: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1214]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27822: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1214]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27822: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1214]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27832: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1215].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27840: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1215].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27841: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1215].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27845: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1215]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27845: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1215]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27845: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1215]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27855: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1216].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27863: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1216].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27864: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1216].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27868: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1216]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27868: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1216]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27868: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1216]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27878: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1217].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27886: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1217].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27887: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1217].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27891: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1217]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27891: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1217]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27891: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1217]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27901: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1218].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27911: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1218].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27912: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1218].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27916: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1218]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27916: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1218]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27916: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1218]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27926: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1219].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27934: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1219].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27935: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1219].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27939: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1219]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27939: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1219]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27939: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1219]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27953: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1220].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27962: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1220].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27963: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1220].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27967: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1220]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27967: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1220]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27967: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1220]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27977: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1221].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27986: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1221].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27987: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1221].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27991: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1221]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27991: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1221]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:27991: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1221]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28001: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1222].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28009: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1222].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28010: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1222].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28014: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1222]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28014: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1222]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28014: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1222]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28024: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1223].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28032: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1223].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28033: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1223].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28037: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1223]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28037: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1223]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28037: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1223]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28047: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1224].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28055: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1224].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28056: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1224].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28060: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1224]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28060: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1224]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28060: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1224]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28070: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1225].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28078: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1225].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28079: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1225].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28083: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1225]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28083: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1225]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28083: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1225]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28093: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1226].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28101: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1226].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28102: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1226].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28106: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1226]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28106: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1226]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28106: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1226]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28116: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1227].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28124: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1227].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28125: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1227].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28129: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1227]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28129: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1227]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28129: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1227]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28139: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1228].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28147: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1228].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28148: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1228].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28152: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1228]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28152: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1228]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28152: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1228]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28162: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1229].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28170: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1229].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28171: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1229].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28175: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1229]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28175: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1229]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28175: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1229]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28185: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1230].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28194: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1230].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28195: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1230].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28199: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1230]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28199: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1230]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28199: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1230]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28209: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1231].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28217: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1231].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28218: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1231].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28222: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1231]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28222: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1231]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28222: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1231]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28232: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1232].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28240: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1232].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28241: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1232].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28245: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1232]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28245: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1232]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28245: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1232]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28255: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1233].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28263: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1233].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28264: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1233].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28268: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1233]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28268: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1233]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28268: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1233]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28278: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1234].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28286: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1234].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28287: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1234].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28291: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1234]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28291: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1234]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28291: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1234]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28301: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1235].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28309: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1235].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28310: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1235].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28314: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1235]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28314: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1235]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28314: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1235]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28324: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1236].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28332: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1236].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28333: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1236].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28337: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1236]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28337: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1236]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28337: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1236]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28347: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1237].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28355: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1237].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28356: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1237].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28360: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1237]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28360: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1237]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28360: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1237]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28370: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1238].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28378: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1238].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28379: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1238].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28383: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1238]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28383: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1238]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28383: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1238]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28393: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1239].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28402: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1239].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28403: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1239].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28407: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1239]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28407: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1239]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28407: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1239]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28417: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1240].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28426: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1240].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28427: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1240].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28431: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1240]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28431: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1240]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28431: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1240]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28441: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1241].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28450: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1241].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28451: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1241].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28455: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1241]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28455: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1241]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28455: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1241]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28465: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1242].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28473: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1242].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28474: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1242].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28478: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1242]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28478: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1242]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28478: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1242]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28488: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1243].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28496: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1243].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28497: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1243].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28501: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1243]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28501: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1243]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28501: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1243]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28511: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1244].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28520: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1244].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28521: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1244].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28525: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1244]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28525: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1244]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28525: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1244]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28535: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1245].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28544: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1245].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28545: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1245].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28549: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1245]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28549: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1245]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28549: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1245]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28559: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1246].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28567: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1246].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28568: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1246].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28572: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1246]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28572: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1246]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28572: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1246]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28582: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1247].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28591: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1247].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28592: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1247].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28596: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1247]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28596: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1247]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28596: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1247]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28606: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1248].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28614: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1248].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28615: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1248].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28619: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1248]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28619: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1248]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28619: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1248]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28629: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1249].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28637: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1249].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28638: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1249].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28642: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1249]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28642: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1249]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28642: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1249]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28652: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1250].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28661: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1250].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28662: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1250].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28666: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1250]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28666: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1250]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28666: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1250]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28676: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1251].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28685: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1251].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28686: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1251].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28690: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1251]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28690: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1251]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28690: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1251]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28700: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1252].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28708: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1252].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28709: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1252].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28713: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1252]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28713: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1252]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28713: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1252]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28723: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1253].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28731: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1253].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28732: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1253].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28736: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1253]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28736: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1253]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28736: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1253]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28747: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1254].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28755: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1254].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28756: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1254].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28760: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1254]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28760: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1254]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28760: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1254]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28770: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1255].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28778: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1255].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28779: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1255].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28783: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1255]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28783: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1255]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28783: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1255]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28793: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1256].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28802: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1256].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28803: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1256].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28807: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1256]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28807: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1256]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28807: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1256]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28817: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1257].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28827: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1257].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28828: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1257].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28832: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1257]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28832: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1257]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28832: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1257]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28842: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1258].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28850: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1258].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28851: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1258].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28855: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1258]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28855: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1258]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28855: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1258]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28867: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1259].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28877: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1259].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28878: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1259].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28882: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1259]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28882: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1259]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28882: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1259]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28894: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1260].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28903: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1260].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28904: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1260].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28908: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1260]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28908: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1260]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28908: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1260]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28919: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1261].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28928: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1261].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28929: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1261].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28933: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1261]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28933: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1261]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28933: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1261]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28943: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1262].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28951: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1262].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28952: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1262].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28956: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1262]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28956: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1262]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28956: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1262]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28966: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1263].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28974: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1263].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28975: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1263].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28979: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1263]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28979: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1263]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28979: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1263]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28989: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1264].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28998: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1264].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:28999: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1264].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29003: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1264]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29003: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1264]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29003: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1264]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29013: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1265].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29022: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1265].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29023: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1265].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29027: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1265]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29027: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1265]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29027: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1265]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29037: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1266].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29045: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1266].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29046: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1266].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29050: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1266]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29050: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1266]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29050: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1266]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29060: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1267].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29069: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1267].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29070: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1267].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29074: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1267]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29074: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1267]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29074: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1267]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29084: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1268].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29092: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1268].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29093: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1268].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29097: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1268]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29097: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1268]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29097: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1268]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29107: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1269].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29116: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1269].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29117: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1269].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29121: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1269]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29121: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1269]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29121: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1269]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29131: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1270].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29140: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1270].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29141: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1270].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29145: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1270]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29145: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1270]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29145: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1270]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29155: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1271].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29164: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1271].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29165: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1271].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29169: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1271]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29169: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1271]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29169: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1271]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29179: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1272].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29188: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1272].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29189: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1272].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29193: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1272]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29193: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1272]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29193: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1272]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29203: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1273].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29212: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1273].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29213: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1273].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29217: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1273]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29217: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1273]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29217: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1273]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29227: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1274].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29236: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1274].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29237: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1274].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29241: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1274]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29241: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1274]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29241: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1274]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29251: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1275].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29260: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1275].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29261: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1275].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29265: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1275]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29265: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1275]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29265: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1275]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29275: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1276].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29284: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1276].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29285: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1276].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29289: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1276]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29289: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1276]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29289: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1276]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29299: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1277].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29307: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1277].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29308: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1277].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29312: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1277]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29312: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1277]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29312: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1277]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29322: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1278].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29331: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1278].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29332: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1278].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29336: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1278]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29336: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1278]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29336: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1278]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29346: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1279].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29355: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1279].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29356: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1279].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29360: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1279]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29360: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1279]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29360: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1279]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29370: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1280].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29378: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1280].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29379: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1280].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29383: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1280]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29383: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1280]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29383: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1280]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29393: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1281].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29401: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1281].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29402: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1281].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29406: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1281]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29406: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1281]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29406: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1281]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29416: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1282].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29424: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1282].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29425: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1282].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29429: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1282]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29429: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1282]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29429: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1282]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29439: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1283].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29447: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1283].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29448: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1283].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29452: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1283]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29452: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1283]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29452: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1283]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29462: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1284].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29470: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1284].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29471: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1284].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29475: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1284]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29475: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1284]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29475: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1284]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29485: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1285].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29493: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1285].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29494: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1285].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29498: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1285]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29498: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1285]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29498: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1285]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29508: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1286].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29516: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1286].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29517: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1286].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29521: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1286]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29521: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1286]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29521: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1286]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29531: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1287].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29540: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1287].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29541: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1287].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29545: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1287]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29545: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1287]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29545: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1287]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29555: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1288].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29564: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1288].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29565: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1288].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29569: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1288]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29569: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1288]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29569: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1288]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29579: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1289].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29587: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1289].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29588: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1289].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29592: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1289]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29592: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1289]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29592: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1289]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29602: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1290].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29610: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1290].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29611: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1290].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29615: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1290]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29615: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1290]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29615: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1290]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29625: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1291].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29633: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1291].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29634: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1291].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29638: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1291]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29638: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1291]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29638: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1291]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29648: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1292].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29656: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1292].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29657: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1292].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29661: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1292]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29661: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1292]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29661: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1292]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29671: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1293].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29679: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1293].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29680: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1293].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29684: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1293]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29684: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1293]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29684: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1293]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29694: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1294].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29702: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1294].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29703: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1294].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29707: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1294]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29707: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1294]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29707: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1294]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29717: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1295].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29725: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1295].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29726: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1295].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29730: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1295]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29730: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1295]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29730: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1295]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29740: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1296].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29748: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1296].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29749: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1296].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29753: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1296]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29753: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1296]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29753: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1296]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29764: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1297].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29772: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1297].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29773: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1297].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29777: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1297]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29777: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1297]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29777: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1297]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29787: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1298].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1298].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29796: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1298].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29800: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1298]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29800: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1298]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29800: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1298]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29810: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1299].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29818: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1299].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29819: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1299].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29823: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1299]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29823: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1299]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29823: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1299]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29833: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1300].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29841: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1300].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29842: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1300].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29846: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1300]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29846: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1300]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29846: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1300]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29857: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1301].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29865: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1301].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29866: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1301].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29870: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1301]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29870: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1301]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29870: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1301]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29880: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1302].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29888: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1302].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29889: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1302].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29893: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1302]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29893: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1302]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29893: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1302]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29903: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1303].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29911: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1303].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29912: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1303].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29916: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1303]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29916: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1303]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29916: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1303]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29926: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1304].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29934: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1304].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29935: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1304].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29939: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1304]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29939: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1304]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29939: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1304]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29949: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1305].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29957: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1305].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29958: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1305].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29962: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1305]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29962: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1305]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29962: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1305]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29972: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1306].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29981: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1306].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29982: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1306].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29986: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1306]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29986: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1306]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29986: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1306]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:29996: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1307].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30005: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1307].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30006: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1307].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30010: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1307]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30010: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1307]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30010: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1307]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30021: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1308].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30029: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1308].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30030: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1308].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30034: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1308]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30034: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1308]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30034: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1308]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30044: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1309].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30053: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1309].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30054: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1309].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30058: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1309]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30058: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1309]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30058: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1309]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30068: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1310].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30076: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1310].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30077: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1310].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30081: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1310]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30081: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1310]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30081: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1310]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30091: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1311].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30099: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1311].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30100: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1311].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30104: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1311]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30104: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1311]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30104: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1311]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30114: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1312].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30122: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1312].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30123: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1312].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30127: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1312]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30127: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1312]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30127: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1312]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30139: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1313].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30148: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1313].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30149: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1313].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30153: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1313]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30153: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1313]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30153: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1313]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30163: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1314].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30171: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1314].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30172: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1314].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30176: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1314]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30176: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1314]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30176: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1314]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30186: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1315].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30194: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1315].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30195: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1315].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30199: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1315]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30199: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1315]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30199: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1315]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30211: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1316].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30219: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1316].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30220: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1316].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30224: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1316]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30224: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1316]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30224: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1316]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30227: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1317].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30227: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1317].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30227: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1317].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30227: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1317]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30227: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1317]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30227: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1317]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30228: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1318].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30228: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1318].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30228: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1318].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30228: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1318]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30228: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1318]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30228: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1318]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30229: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1319].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30229: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1319].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30229: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1319].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30229: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1319]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30229: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1319]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30229: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1319]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30230: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1320].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30230: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1320].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30230: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1320].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30230: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1320]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30230: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1320]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30230: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1320]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30231: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1321].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30231: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1321].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30231: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1321].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30231: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1321]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30231: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1321]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30231: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1321]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30232: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1322].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30232: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1322].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30232: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1322].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30232: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1322]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30232: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1322]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30232: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1322]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30234: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1323].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30234: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1323].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30234: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1323].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30234: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1323]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30234: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1323]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30234: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1323]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30235: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1324].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30235: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1324].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30235: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1324].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30235: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1324]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30235: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1324]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30235: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1324]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30236: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1325].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30236: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1325].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30236: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1325].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30236: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1325]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30236: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1325]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30236: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1325]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30237: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1326].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30237: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1326].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30237: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1326].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30237: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1326]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30237: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1326]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30237: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1326]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30238: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1327].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30238: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1327].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30238: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1327].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30238: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1327]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30238: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1327]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30238: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1327]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30239: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1328].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30239: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1328].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30239: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1328].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30239: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1328]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30239: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1328]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30239: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1328]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30240: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1329].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30240: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1329].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30240: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1329].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30240: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1329]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30240: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1329]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30240: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1329]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30241: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1330].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30241: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1330].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30241: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1330].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30241: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1330]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30241: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1330]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30241: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1330]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30243: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1331].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30243: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1331].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30243: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1331].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30243: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1331]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30243: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1331]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30243: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1331]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30245: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1332].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30245: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1332].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30245: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1332].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30245: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1332]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30245: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1332]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30245: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1332]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30246: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1333].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30246: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1333].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30246: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1333].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30246: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1333]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30246: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1333]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30246: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1333]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30247: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1334].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30247: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1334].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30247: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1334].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30247: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1334]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30247: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1334]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30247: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1334]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30248: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1335].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30248: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1335].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30248: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1335].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30248: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1335]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30248: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1335]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30248: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1335]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30249: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1336].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30249: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1336].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30249: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1336].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30249: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1336]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30249: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1336]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30249: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1336]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30250: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1337].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30250: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1337].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30250: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1337].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30250: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1337]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30250: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1337]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30250: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1337]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30251: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1338].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30251: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1338].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30251: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1338].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30251: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1338]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30251: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1338]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30251: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1338]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30252: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1339].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30252: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1339].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30252: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1339].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30252: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1339]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30252: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1339]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30252: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1339]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30253: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1340].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30253: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1340].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30253: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1340].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30253: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1340]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30253: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1340]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30253: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1340]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30254: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1341].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30254: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1341].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30254: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1341].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30254: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1341]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30254: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1341]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30254: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1341]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30255: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1342].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30255: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1342].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30255: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1342].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30255: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1342]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30255: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1342]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30255: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1342]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30256: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1343].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30256: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1343].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30256: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1343].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30256: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1343]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30256: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1343]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30256: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1343]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30257: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1344].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30257: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1344].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30257: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1344].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30257: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1344]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30257: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1344]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30257: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1344]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30258: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1345].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30258: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1345].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30258: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1345].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30258: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1345]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30258: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1345]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30258: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1345]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30259: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1346].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30259: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1346].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30259: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1346].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30259: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1346]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30259: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1346]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30259: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1346]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30260: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1347].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30260: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1347].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30260: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1347].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30260: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1347]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30260: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1347]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30260: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1347]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30261: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1348].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30261: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1348].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30261: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1348].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30261: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1348]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30261: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1348]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30261: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1348]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30262: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1349].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30262: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1349].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30262: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1349].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30262: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1349]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30262: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1349]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30262: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1349]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30263: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1350].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30263: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1350].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30263: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1350].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30263: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1350]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30263: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1350]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30263: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1350]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30264: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1351].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30264: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1351].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30264: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1351].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30264: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1351]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30264: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1351]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30264: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1351]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30265: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1352].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30265: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1352].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30265: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1352].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30265: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1352]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30265: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1352]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30265: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1352]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30266: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1353].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30266: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1353].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30266: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1353].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30266: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1353]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30266: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1353]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30266: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1353]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30267: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1354].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30267: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1354].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30267: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1354].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30267: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1354]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30267: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1354]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30267: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1354]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30268: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1355].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30268: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1355].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30268: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1355].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30268: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1355]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30268: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1355]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30268: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1355]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30269: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1356].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30269: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1356].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30269: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1356].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30269: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1356]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30269: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1356]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30269: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1356]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30270: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1357].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30270: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1357].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30270: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1357].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30270: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1357]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30270: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1357]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30270: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1357]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30271: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1358].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30271: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1358].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30271: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1358].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30271: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1358]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30271: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1358]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30271: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1358]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30281: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1359].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30291: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1359].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30292: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1359].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30295: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1359]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30295: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1359]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30295: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1359]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30305: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1360].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30315: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1360].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30316: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1360].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30319: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1360]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30319: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1360]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30319: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1360]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30329: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1361].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30339: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1361].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30340: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1361].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30343: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1361]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30343: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1361]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30343: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1361]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30352: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1556].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30362: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1556].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30363: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1556].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30366: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1556]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30366: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1556]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30366: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1556]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30376: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1362].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30385: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1362].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30386: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1362].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30389: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1362]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30389: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1362]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30389: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1362]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30399: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1363].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30408: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1363].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30409: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1363].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30412: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1363]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30412: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1363]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30412: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1363]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30422: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1364].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30430: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1364].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30431: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1364].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30434: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1364]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30434: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1364]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30434: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1364]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30437: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1365].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30437: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1365].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30437: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1365].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30437: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1365]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30437: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1365]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30437: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1365]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30439: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1366].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30439: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1366].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30439: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1366].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30439: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1366]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30439: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1366]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30439: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1366]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30441: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1367].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30441: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1367].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30441: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1367].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30441: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1367]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30441: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1367]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30441: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1367]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30443: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1368].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30443: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1368].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30443: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1368].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30443: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1368]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30443: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1368]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30443: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1368]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30444: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1369].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30444: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1369].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30444: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1369].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30444: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1369]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30444: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1369]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30444: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1369]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30445: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1370].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30445: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1370].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30445: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1370].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30445: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1370]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30445: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1370]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30445: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1370]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30446: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1371].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30446: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1371].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30446: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1371].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30446: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1371]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30446: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1371]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30446: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1371]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30447: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1372].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30447: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1372].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30447: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1372].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30447: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1372]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30447: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1372]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30447: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1372]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30457: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1373].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30465: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1373].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30466: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1373].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30470: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1373]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30470: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1373]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30470: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1373]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30480: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1374].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30488: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1374].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30489: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1374].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30493: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1374]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30493: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1374]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30493: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1374]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30503: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1375].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30511: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1375].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30512: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1375].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30515: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1375]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30515: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1375]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30515: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1375]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30525: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1376].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30535: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1376].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30536: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1376].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30539: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1376]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30539: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1376]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30539: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1376]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30541: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1377].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30541: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1377].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30541: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1377].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30541: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1377]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30541: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1377]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30541: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1377]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30542: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1378].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30542: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1378].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30542: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1378].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30542: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1378]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30542: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1378]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30542: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1378]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30543: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1379].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30543: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1379].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30543: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1379].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30543: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1379]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30543: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1379]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30543: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1379]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30544: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1380].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30544: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1380].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30544: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1380].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30544: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1380]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30544: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1380]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30544: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1380]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30545: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1381].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30545: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1381].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30545: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1381].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30545: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1381]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30545: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1381]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30545: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1381]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30546: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1382].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30546: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1382].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30546: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1382].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30546: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1382]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30546: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1382]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30546: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1382]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30547: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1383].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30547: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1383].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30547: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1383].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30547: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1383]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30547: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1383]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30547: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1383]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30548: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1384].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30548: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1384].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30548: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1384].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30548: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1384]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30548: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1384]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30548: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1384]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30549: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1385].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30549: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1385].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30549: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1385].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30549: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1385]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30549: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1385]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30549: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1385]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30550: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1386].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30550: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1386].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30550: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1386].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30550: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1386]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30550: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1386]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30550: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1386]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30551: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1387].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30551: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1387].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30551: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1387].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30551: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1387]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30551: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1387]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30551: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1387]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30552: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1388].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30552: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1388].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30552: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1388].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30552: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1388]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30552: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1388]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30552: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1388]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30553: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1389].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30553: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1389].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30553: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1389].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30553: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1389]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30553: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1389]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30553: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1389]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30554: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1390].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30554: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1390].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30554: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1390].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30554: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1390]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30554: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1390]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30554: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1390]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30555: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1391].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30555: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1391].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30555: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1391].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30555: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1391]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30555: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1391]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30555: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1391]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30556: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1392].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30556: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1392].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30556: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1392].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30556: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1392]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30556: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1392]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30556: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1392]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30557: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1393].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30557: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1393].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30557: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1393].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30557: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1393]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30557: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1393]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30557: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1393]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30569: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1394].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30578: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1394].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30579: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1394].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30582: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1394]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30582: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1394]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30582: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1394]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30592: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1395].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30601: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1395].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30602: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1395].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30605: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1395]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30605: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1395]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30605: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1395]' is not constant
In file included from src/data.c:305:
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13495: `sAnim_Gooper_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13495: initializer element for `sAnims_Gooper[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13496: `sAnim_Swisquire_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13496: initializer element for `sAnims_Swisquire[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13497: `sAnim_Mog_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13497: initializer element for `sAnims_Mog[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13498: `sAnim_Profur_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13498: initializer element for `sAnims_Profur[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13499: `sAnim_Celshrioom_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13499: initializer element for `sAnims_Celshrioom[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13500: `sAnim_Dadalemma_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13500: initializer element for `sAnims_Dadalemma[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13501: `sAnim_Crawtendr_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13501: initializer element for `sAnims_Crawtendr[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13502: `sAnim_Okkamirizo_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13502: initializer element for `sAnims_Okkamirizo[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13503: `sAnim_Plantatori_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13503: initializer element for `sAnims_Plantatori[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13504: `sAnim_Sappod_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13504: initializer element for `sAnims_Sappod[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13505: `sAnim_Shelbert_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13505: initializer element for `sAnims_Shelbert[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13506: `sAnim_Shelebrate_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13506: initializer element for `sAnims_Shelebrate[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13507: `sAnim_SnortAlpaca_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13507: initializer element for `sAnims_SnortAlpaca[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13508: `sAnim_Plaintain_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13508: initializer element for `sAnims_Plaintain[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13509: `sAnim_Musalord_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13509: initializer element for `sAnims_Musalord[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13510: `sAnim_Brevato_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13510: initializer element for `sAnims_Brevato[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13511: `sAnim_Kelppy_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13511: initializer element for `sAnims_Kelppy[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13512: `sAnim_Lurkelp_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13512: initializer element for `sAnims_Lurkelp[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13513: `sAnim_Shroomoink_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13513: initializer element for `sAnims_Shroomoink[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13514: `sAnim_Sporke_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13514: initializer element for `sAnims_Sporke[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13515: `sAnim_Chernoboar_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13515: initializer element for `sAnims_Chernoboar[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13516: `sAnim_Burstad_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13516: initializer element for `sAnims_Burstad[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13517: `sAnim_Blastoad_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13517: initializer element for `sAnims_Blastoad[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13518: `sAnim_Expload_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13518: initializer element for `sAnims_Expload[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13519: `sAnim_FBIPenguin1_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13519: initializer element for `sAnims_FBIPenguin1[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13520: `sAnim_FBIPenguin2_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13520: initializer element for `sAnims_FBIPenguin2[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13521: `sAnim_Icandesfen_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13521: initializer element for `sAnims_Icandesfen[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13522: `sAnim_Magidash_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13522: initializer element for `sAnims_Magidash[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13523: `sAnim_Seraphure_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13523: initializer element for `sAnims_Seraphure[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13524: `sAnim_Hagoosh_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13524: initializer element for `sAnims_Hagoosh[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13525: `sAnim_Wakasuka_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13525: initializer element for `sAnims_Wakasuka[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13526: `sAnim_Dullsod_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13526: initializer element for `sAnims_Dullsod[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13527: `sAnim_Bevolpin_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13527: initializer element for `sAnims_Bevolpin[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13528: `sAnim_Wattl_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13528: initializer element for `sAnims_Wattl[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13529: `sAnim_Xolhm_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13529: initializer element for `sAnims_Xolhm[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13530: `sAnim_Oddiowave_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13530: initializer element for `sAnims_Oddiowave[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13531: `sAnim_Wherml_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13531: initializer element for `sAnims_Wherml[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13532: `sAnim_Crusterror_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13532: initializer element for `sAnims_Crusterror[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13533: `sAnim_Mantacore_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13533: initializer element for `sAnims_Mantacore[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13534: `sAnim_Skuldugery_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13534: initializer element for `sAnims_Skuldugery[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13535: `sAnim_Gravendor_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13535: initializer element for `sAnims_Gravendor[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13536: `sAnim_OgwonRock_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13536: initializer element for `sAnims_OgwonRock[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13537: `sAnim_Grubble_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13537: initializer element for `sAnims_Grubble[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13538: `sAnim_Gracklin_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13538: initializer element for `sAnims_Gracklin[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13539: `sAnim_Shamburger_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13539: initializer element for `sAnims_Shamburger[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13540: `sAnim_Frozhorn_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13540: initializer element for `sAnims_Frozhorn[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13541: `sAnim_Frozforce_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13541: initializer element for `sAnims_Frozforce[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13542: `sAnim_Staalnary_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13542: initializer element for `sAnims_Staalnary[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13543: `sAnim_Baromite_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13543: initializer element for `sAnims_Baromite[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13544: `sAnim_Napalmite_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13544: initializer element for `sAnims_Napalmite[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13545: `sAnim_Stovlare_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13545: initializer element for `sAnims_Stovlare[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13546: `sAnim_Orbacle_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13546: initializer element for `sAnims_Orbacle[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13547: `sAnim_Ninown_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13547: initializer element for `sAnims_Ninown[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13548: `sAnim_Cardict_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13548: initializer element for `sAnims_Cardict[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13549: `sAnim_Pokerlord_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13549: initializer element for `sAnims_Pokerlord[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13550: `sAnim_Degourge_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13550: initializer element for `sAnims_Degourge[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13551: `sAnim_Tuetuerror_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13551: initializer element for `sAnims_Tuetuerror[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13552: `sAnim_Baghost_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13552: initializer element for `sAnims_Baghost[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13553: `sAnim_Baghoul_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13553: initializer element for `sAnims_Baghoul[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13554: `sAnim_Wuvme_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13554: initializer element for `sAnims_Wuvme[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13555: `sAnim_Veeblen_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13555: initializer element for `sAnims_Veeblen[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13556: `sAnim_Malachrey_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13556: initializer element for `sAnims_Malachrey[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13557: `sAnim_Malmare_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13557: initializer element for `sAnims_Malmare[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13558: `sAnim_Sweetan_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13558: initializer element for `sAnims_Sweetan[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13559: `sAnim_Melceralba_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13559: initializer element for `sAnims_Melceralba[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13560: `sAnim_Buggory_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13560: initializer element for `sAnims_Buggory[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13561: `sAnim_Zappug_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13561: initializer element for `sAnims_Zappug[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13562: `sAnim_Pupulze_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13562: initializer element for `sAnims_Pupulze[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13563: `sAnim_Rubimizer_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13563: initializer element for `sAnims_Rubimizer[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13564: `sAnim_Rickshawty_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13564: initializer element for `sAnims_Rickshawty[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13565: `sAnim_Tremite_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13565: initializer element for `sAnims_Tremite[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13566: `sAnim_Trohive_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13566: initializer element for `sAnims_Trohive[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13567: `sAnim_Castermite_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13567: initializer element for `sAnims_Castermite[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13568: `sAnim_Eyeslight_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13568: initializer element for `sAnims_Eyeslight[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13569: `sAnim_Beholzer_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13569: initializer element for `sAnims_Beholzer[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13570: `sAnim_Eyerish_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13570: initializer element for `sAnims_Eyerish[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13571: `sAnim_Retineel_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13571: initializer element for `sAnims_Retineel[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13572: `sAnim_Astigmoray_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13572: initializer element for `sAnims_Astigmoray[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13573: `sAnim_Gelectual_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13573: initializer element for `sAnims_Gelectual[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30615: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1396].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13574: `sAnim_Rebrr_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13574: initializer element for `sAnims_Rebrr[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13575: `sAnim_Ferrofros_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13575: initializer element for `sAnims_Ferrofros[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30623: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1396].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30624: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1396].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13576: `sAnim_Fortifros_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13576: initializer element for `sAnims_Fortifros[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13577: `sAnim_Arctikack_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13577: initializer element for `sAnims_Arctikack[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13578: `sAnim_Prismapup_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13578: initializer element for `sAnims_Prismapup[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13579: `sAnim_Vividawg_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13579: initializer element for `sAnims_Vividawg[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13580: `sAnim_Kittepup_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13580: initializer element for `sAnims_Kittepup[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13581: `sAnim_Peckachew_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13581: initializer element for `sAnims_Peckachew[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13582: `sAnim_Skooky_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13582: initializer element for `sAnims_Skooky[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13583: `sAnim_Vizaaviso_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13583: initializer element for `sAnims_Vizaaviso[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13584: `sAnim_Setatonkre_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13584: initializer element for `sAnims_Setatonkre[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13585: `sAnim_Panzeehee_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13585: initializer element for `sAnims_Panzeehee[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13586: `sAnim_Babobo_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13586: initializer element for `sAnims_Babobo[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13587: `sAnim_Groose_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13587: initializer element for `sAnims_Groose[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13588: `sAnim_Greese_1' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/pokemon_graphics/front_pic_anims.h:13588: initializer element for `sAnims_Greese[1]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30627: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1396]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30627: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1396]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30627: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1396]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30637: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1397].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30645: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1397].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30646: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1397].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30650: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1397]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30650: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1397]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30650: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1397]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30652: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1398].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30652: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1398].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30652: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1398].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30652: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1398]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30652: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1398]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30652: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1398]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30653: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1399].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30653: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1399].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30653: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1399].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30653: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1399]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30653: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1399]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30653: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1399]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30654: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1400].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30654: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1400].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30654: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1400].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30654: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1400]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30654: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1400]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30654: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1400]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30656: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1401].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30656: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1401].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30656: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1401].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30656: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1401]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30656: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1401]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30656: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1401]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30657: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1402].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30657: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1402].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30657: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1402].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30657: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1402]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30657: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1402]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30657: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1402]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30658: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1403].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30658: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1403].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30658: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1403].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30658: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1403]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30658: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1403]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30658: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1403]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30668: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1404].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30676: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1404].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30677: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1404].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30681: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1404]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30681: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1404]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30681: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1404]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30691: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1405].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30699: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1405].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30700: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1405].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30704: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1405]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30704: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1405]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30704: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1405]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30714: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1406].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30722: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1406].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30723: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1406].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30727: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1406]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30727: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1406]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30727: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1406]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30737: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1408].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30745: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1408].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30746: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1408].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30750: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1408]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30750: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1408]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30750: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1408]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30760: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1409].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30768: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1409].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30769: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1409].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30773: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1409]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30773: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1409]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30773: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1409]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30783: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1410].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30791: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1410].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30792: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1410].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30796: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1410]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30796: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1410]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30796: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1410]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30806: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1411].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30818: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1411].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30819: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1411].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30823: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1411]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30823: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1411]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30823: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1411]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30825: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1412].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30825: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1412].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30825: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1412].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30825: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1412]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30825: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1412]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30825: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1412]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30826: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1413].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30826: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1413].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30826: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1413].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30826: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1413]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30826: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1413]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30826: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1413]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30827: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1414].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30827: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1414].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30827: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1414].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30827: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1414]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30827: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1414]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30827: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1414]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30828: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1415].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30828: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1415].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30828: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1415].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30828: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1415]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30828: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1415]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30828: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1415]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30840: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1416].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30848: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1416].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30849: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1416].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30852: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1416]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30852: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1416]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30852: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1416]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30862: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1417].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30870: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1417].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30871: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1417].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30874: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1417]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30874: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1417]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30874: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1417]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30876: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1418].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30876: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1418].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30876: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1418].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30876: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1418]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30876: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1418]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30876: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1418]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30877: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1419].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30877: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1419].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30877: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1419].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30877: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1419]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30877: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1419]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30877: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1419]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30878: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1420].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30878: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1420].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30878: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1420].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30878: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1420]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30878: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1420]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30878: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1420]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30879: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1421].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30879: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1421].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30879: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1421].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30879: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1421]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30879: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1421]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30879: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1421]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30880: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1422].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30880: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1422].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30880: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1422].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30880: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1422]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30880: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1422]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30880: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1422]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30881: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1423].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30881: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1423].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30881: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1423].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30881: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1423]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30881: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1423]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30881: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1423]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30882: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1424].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30882: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1424].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30882: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1424].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30882: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1424]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30882: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1424]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30882: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1424]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30883: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1425].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30883: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1425].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30883: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1425].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30883: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1425]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30883: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1425]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30883: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1425]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30884: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1426].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30884: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1426].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30884: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1426].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30884: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1426]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30884: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1426]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30884: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1426]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30885: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1427].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30885: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1427].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30885: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1427].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30885: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1427]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30885: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1427]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30885: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1427]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30886: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1428].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30886: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1428].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30886: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1428].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30886: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1428]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30886: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1428]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30886: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1428]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30887: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1429].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30887: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1429].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30887: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1429].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30887: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1429]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30887: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1429]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30887: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1429]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30888: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1430].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30888: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1430].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30888: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1430].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30888: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1430]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30888: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1430]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30888: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1430]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30889: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1431].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30889: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1431].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30889: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1431].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30889: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1431]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30889: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1431]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30889: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1431]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30890: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1432].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30890: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1432].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30890: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1432].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30890: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1432]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30890: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1432]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30890: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1432]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30891: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1433].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30891: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1433].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30891: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1433].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30891: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1433]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30891: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1433]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30891: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1433]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30892: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1434].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30892: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1434].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30892: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1434].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30892: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1434]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30892: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1434]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30892: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1434]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30893: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1435].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30893: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1435].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30893: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1435].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30893: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1435]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30893: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1435]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30893: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1435]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30894: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1436].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30894: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1436].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30894: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1436].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30894: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1436]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30894: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1436]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30894: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1436]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30896: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1437].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30896: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1437].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30896: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1437].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30896: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1437]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30896: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1437]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30896: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1437]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30897: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1438].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30897: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1438].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30897: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1438].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30897: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1438]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30897: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1438]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30897: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1438]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30898: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1439].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30898: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1439].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30898: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1439].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30898: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1439]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30898: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1439]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30898: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1439]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30899: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1440].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30899: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1440].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30899: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1440].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30899: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1440]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30899: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1440]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30899: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1440]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30901: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1441].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30901: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1441].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30901: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1441].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30901: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1441]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30901: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1441]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30901: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1441]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30902: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1442].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30902: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1442].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30902: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1442].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30902: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1442]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30902: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1442]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30902: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1442]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30903: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1443].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30903: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1443].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30903: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1443].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30903: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1443]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30903: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1443]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30903: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1443]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30904: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1444].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30904: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1444].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30904: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1444].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30904: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1444]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30904: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1444]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30904: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1444]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30914: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1445].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30922: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1445].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30923: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1445].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30926: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1445]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30926: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1445]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30926: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1445]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30928: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1446].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30928: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1446].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30928: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1446].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30928: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1446]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30928: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1446]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30928: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1446]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30929: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1447].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30929: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1447].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30929: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1447].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30929: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1447]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30929: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1447]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30929: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1447]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30930: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1448].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30930: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1448].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30930: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1448].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30930: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1448]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30930: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1448]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30930: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1448]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30931: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1449].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30931: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1449].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30931: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1449].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30931: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1449]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30931: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1449]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30931: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1449]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30933: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1450].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30933: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1450].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30933: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1450].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30933: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1450]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30933: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1450]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30933: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1450]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30934: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1451].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30934: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1451].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30934: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1451].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30934: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1451]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30934: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1451]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30934: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1451]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30935: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1452].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30935: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1452].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30935: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1452].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30935: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1452]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30935: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1452]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30935: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1452]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30936: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1453].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30936: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1453].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30936: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1453].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30936: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1453]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30936: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1453]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30936: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1453]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30937: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1454].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30937: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1454].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30937: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1454].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30937: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1454]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30937: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1454]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30937: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1454]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30938: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1455].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30938: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1455].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30938: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1455].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30938: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1455]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30938: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1455]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30938: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1455]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30939: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1456].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30939: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1456].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30939: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1456].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30939: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1456]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30939: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1456]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30939: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1456]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30940: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1457].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30940: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1457].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30940: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1457].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30940: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1457]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30940: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1457]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30940: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1457]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30941: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1458].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30941: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1458].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30941: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1458].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30941: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1458]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30941: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1458]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30941: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1458]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30951: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1459].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30959: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1459].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30960: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1459].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30963: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1459]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30963: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1459]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30963: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1459]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30978: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1460].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30987: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1460].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30988: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1460].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30991: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1460]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30991: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1460]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:30991: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1460]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31001: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1461].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31001: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1461].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31001: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1461].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31002: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1461]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31002: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1461]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31002: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1461]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31012: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1462].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31012: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1462].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31012: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1462].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31013: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1462]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31013: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1462]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31013: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1462]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31025: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1463].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31025: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1463].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31025: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1463].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31026: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1463]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31026: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1463]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31026: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1463]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31036: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1464].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31036: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1464].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31036: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1464].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31037: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1464]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31037: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1464]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31037: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1464]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31047: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1465].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31047: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1465].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31047: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1465].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31048: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1465]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31048: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1465]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31048: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1465]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31060: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1466].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31060: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1466].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31060: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1466].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31061: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1466]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31061: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1466]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31061: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1466]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31063: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1467].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31063: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1467].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31063: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1467].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31063: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1467]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31063: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1467]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31063: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1467]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31065: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1468].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31065: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1468].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31065: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1468].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31065: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1468]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31065: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1468]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31065: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1468]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31066: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1469].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31066: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1469].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31066: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1469].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31066: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1469]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31066: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1469]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31066: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1469]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31067: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1470].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31067: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1470].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31067: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1470].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31067: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1470]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31067: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1470]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31067: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1470]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31077: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1471].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31085: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1471].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31086: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1471].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31090: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1471]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31090: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1471]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31090: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1471]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31100: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1472].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31108: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1472].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31109: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1472].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31113: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1472]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31113: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1472]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31113: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1472]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31117: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1473].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31117: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1473].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31117: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1473].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31117: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1473]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31117: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1473]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31117: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1473]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31118: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1474].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31118: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1474].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31118: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1474].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31118: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1474]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31118: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1474]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31118: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1474]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31119: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1475].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31119: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1475].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31119: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1475].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31119: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1475]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31119: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1475]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31119: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1475]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31121: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1476].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31121: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1476].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31121: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1476].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31121: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1476]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31121: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1476]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31121: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1476]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31131: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1477].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31139: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1477].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31140: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1477].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31143: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1477]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31143: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1477]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31143: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1477]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31153: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1478].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31161: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1478].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31162: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1478].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31165: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1478]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31165: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1478]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31165: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1478]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31175: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1479].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31183: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1479].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31184: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1479].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31187: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1479]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31187: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1479]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31187: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1479]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31189: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1480].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31189: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1480].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31189: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1480].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31189: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1480]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31189: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1480]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31189: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1480]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31190: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1481].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31190: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1481].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31190: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1481].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31190: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1481]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31190: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1481]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31190: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1481]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31191: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1482].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31191: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1482].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31191: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1482].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31191: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1482]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31191: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1482]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31191: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1482]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31192: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1483].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31192: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1483].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31192: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1483].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31192: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1483]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31192: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1483]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31192: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1483]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31193: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1484].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31193: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1484].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31193: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1484].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31193: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1484]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31193: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1484]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31193: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1484]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31194: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1485].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31194: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1485].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31194: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1485].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31194: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1485]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31194: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1485]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31194: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1485]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31195: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1486].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31195: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1486].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31195: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1486].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31195: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1486]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31195: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1486]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31195: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1486]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31196: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1487].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31196: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1487].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31196: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1487].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31196: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1487]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31196: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1487]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31196: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1487]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31197: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1488].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31197: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1488].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31197: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1488].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31197: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1488]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31197: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1488]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31197: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1488]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31198: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1489].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31198: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1489].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31198: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1489].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31198: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1489]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31198: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1489]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31198: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1489]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31199: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1490].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31199: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1490].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31199: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1490].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31199: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1490]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31199: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1490]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31199: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1490]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31200: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1491].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31200: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1491].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31200: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1491].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31200: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1491]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31200: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1491]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31200: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1491]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31201: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1492].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31201: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1492].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31201: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1492].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31201: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1492]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31201: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1492]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31201: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1492]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31202: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1493].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31202: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1493].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31202: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1493].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31202: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1493]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31202: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1493]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31202: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1493]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31203: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1494].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31203: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1494].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31203: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1494].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31203: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1494]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31203: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1494]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31203: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1494]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31204: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1495].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31204: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1495].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31204: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1495].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31204: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1495]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31204: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1495]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31204: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1495]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31205: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1496].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31205: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1496].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31205: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1496].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31205: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1496]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31205: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1496]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31205: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1496]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31207: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1497].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31207: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1497].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31207: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1497].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31207: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1497]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31207: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1497]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31207: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1497]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31208: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1498].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31208: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1498].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31208: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1498].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31208: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1498]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31208: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1498]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31208: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1498]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31209: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1499].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31209: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1499].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31209: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1499].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31209: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1499]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31209: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1499]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31209: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1499]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31210: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1500].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31210: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1500].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31210: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1500].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31210: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1500]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31210: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1500]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31210: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1500]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31211: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1501].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31211: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1501].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31211: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1501].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31211: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1501]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31211: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1501]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31211: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1501]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31212: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1502].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31212: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1502].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31212: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1502].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31212: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1502]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31212: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1502]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31212: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1502]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31214: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1503].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31214: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1503].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31214: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1503].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31214: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1503]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31214: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1503]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31214: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1503]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31215: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1504].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31215: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1504].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31215: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1504].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31215: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1504]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31215: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1504]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31215: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1504]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31216: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1505].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31216: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1505].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31216: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1505].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31216: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1505]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31216: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1505]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31216: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1505]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31217: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1506].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31217: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1506].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31217: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1506].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31217: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1506]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31217: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1506]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31217: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1506]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31218: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1507].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31218: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1507].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31218: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1507].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31218: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1507]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31218: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1507]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31218: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1507]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31219: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1508].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31219: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1508].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31219: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1508].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31219: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1508]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31219: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1508]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31219: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1508]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31220: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1509].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31220: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1509].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31220: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1509].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31220: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1509]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31220: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1509]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31220: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1509]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31222: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1510].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31222: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1510].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31222: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1510].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31222: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1510]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31222: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1510]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31222: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1510]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31232: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1511].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31240: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1511].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31241: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1511].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31245: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1511]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31245: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1511]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31245: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1511]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31255: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1512].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31263: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1512].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31264: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1512].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31268: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1512]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31268: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1512]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31268: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1512]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31278: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1513].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31288: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1513].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31289: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1513].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31293: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1513]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31293: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1513]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31293: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1513]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31295: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1514].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31295: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1514].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31295: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1514].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31295: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1514]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31295: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1514]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31295: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1514]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31299: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1515].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31299: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1515].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31299: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1515].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31299: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1515]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31299: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1515]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31299: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1515]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31300: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1516].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31300: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1516].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31300: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1516].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31300: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1516]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31300: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1516]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31300: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1516]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31302: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1517].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31302: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1517].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31302: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1517].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31302: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1517]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31302: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1517]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31302: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1517]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31304: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1518].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31304: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1518].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31304: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1518].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31304: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1518]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31304: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1518]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31304: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1518]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31306: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1519].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31306: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1519].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31306: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1519].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31306: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1519]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31306: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1519]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31306: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1519]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31308: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1520].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31308: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1520].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31308: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1520].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31308: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1520]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31308: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1520]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31308: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1520]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31309: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1521].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31309: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1521].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31309: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1521].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31309: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1521]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31309: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1521]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31309: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1521]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31310: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1522].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31310: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1522].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31310: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1522].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31310: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1522]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31310: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1522]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31310: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1522]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31311: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1523].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31311: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1523].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31311: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1523].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31311: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1523]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31311: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1523]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31311: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1523]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31312: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1524].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31312: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1524].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31312: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1524].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31312: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1524]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31312: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1524]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31312: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1524]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31313: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1525].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31313: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1525].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31313: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1525].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31313: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1525]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31313: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1525]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31313: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1525]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31314: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1526].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31314: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1526].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31314: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1526].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31314: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1526]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31314: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1526]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31314: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1526]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31315: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1527].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31315: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1527].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31315: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1527].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31315: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1527]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31315: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1527]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31315: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1527]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31325: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1528].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31333: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1528].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31334: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1528].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31337: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1528]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31337: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1528]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31337: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1528]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31347: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1529].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31355: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1529].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31356: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1529].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31359: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1529]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31359: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1529]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31359: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1529]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31361: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1530].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31361: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1530].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31361: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1530].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31361: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1530]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31361: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1530]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31361: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1530]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31371: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1531].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31379: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1531].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31380: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1531].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31384: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1531]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31384: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1531]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31384: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1531]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31394: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1532].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31402: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1532].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31403: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1532].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31407: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1532]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31407: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1532]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31407: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1532]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31417: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1533].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31425: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1533].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31426: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1533].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31430: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1533]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31430: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1533]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31430: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1533]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31440: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1534].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31448: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1534].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31449: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1534].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31453: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1534]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31453: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1534]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31453: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1534]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31455: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1535].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31455: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1535].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31455: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1535].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31455: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1535]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31455: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1535]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31455: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1535]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31465: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1536].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31473: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1536].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31474: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1536].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31478: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1536]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31478: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1536]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31478: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1536]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31488: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1537].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31496: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1537].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31497: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1537].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31501: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1537]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31501: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1537]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31501: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1537]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31511: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1407].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31519: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1407].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31520: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1407].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31524: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1407]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31524: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1407]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31524: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1407]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31534: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1540].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31542: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1540].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31543: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1540].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31546: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1540]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31546: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1540]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31546: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1540]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31556: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1541].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31564: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1541].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31565: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1541].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31568: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1541]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31568: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1541]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31568: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1541]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31578: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1542].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31586: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1542].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31587: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1542].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31590: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1542]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31590: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1542]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31590: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1542]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31600: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1543].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31609: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1543].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31610: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1543].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31613: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1543]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31613: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1543]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31613: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1543]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31623: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1544].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31632: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1544].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31633: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1544].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31636: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1544]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31636: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1544]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31636: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1544]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31646: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1545].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31654: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1545].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31655: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1545].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31658: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1545]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31658: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1545]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31658: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1545]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31668: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1546].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31676: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1546].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31677: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1546].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31680: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1546]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31680: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1546]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31680: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1546]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31682: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1549].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31682: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1549].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31682: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1549].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31682: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1549]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31682: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1549]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31682: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1549]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31683: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1550].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31683: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1550].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31683: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1550].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31683: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1550]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31683: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1550]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31683: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1550]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31684: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1551].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31684: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1551].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31684: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1551].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31684: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1551]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31684: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1551]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31684: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1551]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31685: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1552].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31685: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1552].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31685: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1552].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31685: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1552]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31685: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1552]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31685: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1552]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31686: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1553].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31686: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1553].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31686: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1553].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31686: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1553]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31686: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1553]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31686: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1553]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31696: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1555].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31704: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1555].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31705: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1555].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31708: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1555]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31708: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1555]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31708: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1555]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31718: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1562].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31726: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1562].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31727: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1562].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31730: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1562]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31730: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1562]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31730: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1562]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31740: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1563].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31747: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1563].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31748: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1563].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31751: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1563]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31751: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1563]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31751: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1563]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31761: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1564].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31768: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1564].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31769: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1564].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31772: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1564]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31772: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1564]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31772: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1564]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31782: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1565].types' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31789: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1565].eggGroups' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31790: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1565].abilities' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31793: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1565]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31793: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1565]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31793: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo[1565]' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
src/data/pokemon/species_info.h:31795: initializer element for `gSpeciesInfo' is not constant
make: *** [Makefile:388: build/emerald/src/data.o] Error 1
make: *** Deleting file 'build/emerald/src/data.o'
make: *** Waiting for unfinished jobs....
make: *** [Makefile:388: build/emerald/src/pokemon.o] Error 1
make: *** Deleting file 'build/emerald/src/pokemon.o'
tools/agbcc/bin/agbcc <flags> -o build/emerald/src/data.o src/data.c
tools/agbcc/bin/agbcc <flags> -o build/emerald/src/pokemon.o src/pokemon.c
tools/agbcc/bin/agbcc <flags> -o build/emerald/src/pokemon.o src/pokemon.c
tools/agbcc/bin/agbcc <flags> -o build/emerald/src/data.o src/data.c
tools/agbcc/bin/agbcc <flags> -o build/emerald/src/data.o src/data.c
tools/agbcc/bin/agbcc <flags> -o build/emerald/src/pokemon.o src/pokemon.c
tools/agbcc/bin/agbcc <flags> -o build/emerald/src/data.o src/data.c
tools/ramscrgen/ramscrgen COMMON sym_common.txt ENGLISH -c build/emerald/src,common_syms > build/emerald/sym_common.ld
cd build/emerald && sed "s#tools/#../../tools/#g" ../../ld_script.txt > ld_script.ld
cd build/emerald && arm-none-eabi-ld -Map ../../pokeemerald.map -T ld_script.ld -o ../../pokeemerald.elf <objects> <lib>
tools/gbafix/gbafix pokeemerald.elf -t"POKEMON EMER" -cBPEE -m01 -r0 --silent
arm-none-eabi-objcopy -O binary pokeemerald.elf pokeemerald.gba
tools/gbafix/gbafix pokeemerald.gba -p --silent
